[Fundamentals] Migrate two account-related KBs (#4562)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/fundamentals/get-started/setup/account-setup/create-account.md

---
pcx-content-type: how-to
title: Create account
weight: 1
---

# Create a Cloudflare account

To create a new Cloudflare account:

1. Go to the [Sign up page](https://dash.cloudflare.com/sign-up).
2. Enter your **Email** and **Password**. 
3. Click **Create Account**.

## Best practices

> If you are creating an account for your team or a business, we recommend that choose an email alias or distribution list for your **Email**, such as `cloudflare@example.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are creating an account for your team or a business, we recommend choosing an email alias or distribution list for your **Email**, such as `cloudflare@example.com`.
```
